Assignment one software frameworks
This section of the assignment I did not use branches, as I was working alone on this project and was building it ground up, I felt it unnecessary to use branches as it could overcomplicated the production process. In the next phase I may begin using branches to develop individual component better as the next phase will focus more on refining the program than this phase did. Therefor the layout of the git is simply a main branch with several commits and small messages to communicate what is in each.

This section used two services provided by the angular framework, users and chat rooms, these managed the data involved in the app. The users service managed the individual data referring to a singular user, their name, email, id, password, groups they name authorised members of, and privileges, these used the username as the key. The chat rooms service contained the data of each group, the name, admin, subgroup, new user requests, these used the group name as the key. This was all saved in local storage and will be moved to a database in phase two. 

Four components and two services are used in this phased, the services are detailed above. The four components managed the login, account, chat, and chat management. The login page allowed a user to sign up or login, the account page lets a user manage their account and the chats they are in, as well as allow the admins to manage the rooms they administrate, the chat page is currently non-functional and includes a chat GPT generated HTML display simply intended to provide a place holder UI, this will be re-worked and functional in the next phase, the chat management allows admins to manage what users are in their groups by approving new ones or removing existing ones. Routes exist between each page; a cookie provided the currently logged in users’ information. The chat and chat management components allow for a variable in the URL which provides the name of the chat they are viewing; this name is used with the chat management service to pull and modify the relevant data. 

This current version is only a proof of concept, as such it lacks much necessary security and sanitisation in managing data. I did not program these in because phase two will use a data base, as such the code will need to change, so I instead focused on user interaction and input of data from the user to server, rather than error handling, that will be developed further in phase two. 
